**Refelction Activity** 🔃💡

Q:1 What does AI_Driven Development means to you ?
Ans: AI Driven Development means that  instead of humans writing every line of code , AI  creates software and applications. In which AI assist the human fully in  coding, debugging , solving every types of error , testing, and decision-making while receiving direction    by developer (or non developers) using  clear specifications , instructions or requirements.



Q:2  How do you see the future of Human-AI Collaboration in software development?
Ans : I see the Human-AI Collaboration software development as a powerful partnership where developer(or non-developer) will spend more time on  thinking and designing, and less time writing standard code. AI Evaluate human directions (clear specifications)  generate software. Developers  will no need to remember syntax or common coding patterns anymore.



🧠 Self-Test (MCQs)

1️⃣ What is the main purpose of the AI-Native Era?
a) Replace developers 
b) Empower developers through AI tools ✅
c) Eliminate coding
d) Automate testing

2️⃣ What defines an AI-driven developer?
a) Writes only syntax
b) Creates context-aware prompts ✅
c) Avoids tools
d) Works offline

3️⃣ What does “AIDD” stand for?
a) AI-Integrated Data Design
b) AI-Driven Development ✅
c) Automated IDE Deployment
d) Adaptive Input Debugger

4️⃣ What is the focus of Evaluation-Driven Development (EvDD)?
a) Manual coding
b) Evaluating and improving AI outputs ✅
c) UI design
d) Testing only

5️⃣ What should developers focus on in the AI era?
a) Syntax only
b) Building reasoning + evaluation skills ✅
c) Avoiding AI tools
d) Manual workflows

💬 End-of-Day Reflection
"I was worried that AI would replace humans in the upcoming time, but after reading the AI-Driven Development book, I realized that AI will not replace humans because the human mind is stronger than AI, so if the human thinks strongly about any  software or wants to solve any problem, they just need to think strongly and document their idea and then write a clear structure and give it to the AI so that the AI can write, decide and debug the code only using human guidance."